Add shuffle doc section on the periodicGC configuration (#2242)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/additional-functionality/rapids-shuffle.md

This setting controls the amount of host memory (RAM) that can be utilized to spill GPU blocks when
the GPU is out of memory, before going to disk. Please verify the [defaults](../configs.md).
- `spark.rapids.memory.host.spillStorageSize`

##### Shuffle Garbage Collection
Shuffle buffers cached in the spillable store, whether they are in the GPU, host, or disk, will not
be removed even after all actions for your query complete. This is a design decision in Spark, where 
shuffle temporary stores are cleaned when there is a garbage collection on the driver, and the 
references to the RDDs supporting your query are not reachable. 

One of the issues with this is with large JVM footprints in the driver. The driver may not run a GC at
all between different parts of your application, causing output for shuffle to accumulate (output that

> will not be reused), and eventually causing OOM or even filled disk. This is true from Spark even without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will not be reused), and eventually causing OOM or even filled disk. This is true for Spark even without
```

the RAPIDS Shuffle Manager, but in our case it's likely GPU memory that is being occupied, and performance
degrades given the churn due to spill to host memory or disk. As of this stage, there isn't a good solution 

> for this, other than to cause GC to happen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for this, other than to trigger a GC cycle on the driver.
```
